Docs edits to "Code Testing" page (#1605)
defenseunicorns/zarf: docs/6-developer-guide/2-testing.md

The end-to-end tests are run sequentially and the naming convention is set intentionally:

- 00-19 tests run prior to `zarf init` (cluster not initialized).

:::note
Tests 20+ should call `e2e.setupWithCluster(t)` instead of `e2e.setup(t)`.

Due to resource constraints in public GitHub runners, K8s tests are only performed on Linux.
:::

- 20 is reserved for `zarf init`.
- 21 is reserved for logging tests so they can be removed first (they take the most resources in the cluster).
- 22 is reserved for tests required the git-server, which is removed at the end of the test.

> - 23-98 are for the remaining tests that only require a basic Zarf cluster without logging for the git-server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 23-98 are for the remaining tests that only require a basic Zarf cluster without logging or the git-server.
```

go test ./src/pkg/... -v -run TestFooBarBaz
```

### Adding New CLI Unit Tests

When adding new unit tests, please ensure that the following requirements are met:

1. The test must focus on a true unit, such as a single function or file.
2. The code being tested must have a clearly defined interface, such as a public specification.
3. The code being tested should be located within the `src/pkg`.

If all these requirements are met, then a unit test would be appropriate. If not, please consider writing an end-to-end test instead or modify your approach to meet these requirements.

> To generate a unit test, search for or include a file that ends with `_test.go` to the package for the file that requires testing, such as `auth.go` -> `auth_test.go`. Import the testing library and create test functions as necessary. In case you need to mock something out, determine the most suitable approach and if the mock can be utilized in multiple tests, consider placing it in  `./src/test/mocks/`. This will help enhance the efficiency and organization of your unit tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a unit test, search for or create a file that ends with `_test.go` in the package of the file that requires testing, such as `auth.go` -> `auth_test.go`. Import the testing library and create test functions as necessary. In case you need to mock something out, determine the most suitable approach and if the mock can be used in multiple tests, consider placing it in  `./src/test/mocks/`. This will help enhance the efficiency and organization of the unit tests.
```
